docs: add Quota specification page (#24152)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/other-specifications/quota.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: I think that's a good idea

> ---

Author: 47c04b521faa85ad11edb1bc35fd3cba974a0bdf

layout: docs

> page_title: Nomad Quota Specification

Author: I noticed (some) other pages include Nomad in the title and assumed it might be for SEO? but every page already has `| Nomad | Hashi...` in the title anyway, so now I'm not so sure!  I'm happy to drop it :)

description: Learn about Nomad's Resource Quota specification.
---

> # Nomad Quota Specification

Author: I get a good deal of "do as I say, not as I do" on headings in all those pages, lots of Selective Capitals within the docs themselves, so I'm inclined to stay consistent within other of Nomad's docs for this top-level heading.  how about

```suggestion
# Resource Quota Specification
```

?

> # Nomad Quota Specification

Reviewer 2: I've been enforcing sentence case on new content, but I don't have any issue with leaving it "normal" case. At some future time, I'd like to use a LLM to apply certain style guide rules to existing docs.

<EnterpriseAlert>
Resource Quotas are only available with Nomad Enterprise.
</EnterpriseAlert>

[Resource Quotas](/nomad/docs/enterprise#resource-quotas)
enable an operator to limit resource consumption across teams
or projects to reduce waste and align budgets.

> Quotas can be managed using the Nomad CLI via the

Author: I'm inclined to go with "you" here, too:

```suggestion
You can manage quotas using the Nomad CLI via the
```

> Quotas can be managed using the Nomad CLI via the

Reviewer 2: Either one. I tend to go for simplicity, otherwise I end up with a doc full of "you can..."

[`quota`](/nomad/docs/commands/quota)
subcommands, or with Nomad's
[HTTP API](/nomad/api-docs/quotas)
directly.

You may also follow a
[Quotas tutorial](/nomad/tutorials/governance-and-policy/quotas)
for more example usage.

> ## Example Quota Specification

Author: I'm more amenable to sentence-case in these sub-headings :+1:

```hcl
name        = "default-quota"
description = "Limit the shared default namespace"

# Create a limit for the global region. Additional limits may
# be specified in-order to limit other regions.
limit {
  region = "global"
  region_limit {
    cores      = 0
    cpu        = 2500
    memory     = 1000
    memory_max = 1000
    device "nvidia/gpu/1080ti" {
      count = 1
    }
  }
  variables_limit = 1000
}
```

## Quota Specification Parameters

- `name` `(string)` - The name of the Quota. This will be used to connect it to a
[`Namespace`](/nomad/docs/other-specifications/namespace).
- `description` `(string: <optional>)` - A human-readable description.
- `limit` <code>([QuotaLimit](#limit-parameters))</code> - The resource limit in a Nomad region.

### `limit` Parameters

- `region` `(string)` - The Nomad `region` that the limit applies to.
- `region_limit` <code>([RegionLimit](#region_limit-parameters))</code> - Resources to limit.
- `variables_limit` `(int: 0)` - Maximum total size of all Nomad
[`variables`](/nomad/docs/concepts/variables)
in MiB. The default `0` means unlimited, and `-1` means variables are fully disabled.

### `region_limit` Parameters

> These are associated with the parameters on a task
> [`resources`](/nomad/docs/job-specification/resources)
> block in a job specification, and the
> [CPU concepts](/nomad/docs/concepts/cpu)
> page has more information regarding CPU resources as well.
> 
> - `cores` `(int: <optional>)` - Number of CPU cores
> - `cpu` `(int: <optional>)` - Amount of CPU in MHz
> - `memory` `(int: <optional>)` - Amount of memory in MB
> - `memory_max` `(int: <optional>)` - Max amount of memory in MB
> - `device` <code>([Device](#device-parameters): nil)</code>

Reviewer 3: I'd probably break the leading paragraph into 2 sentences. The "as well" doesn't seem to follow from the "are associated with". We don't really have good _reference_ docs on what the heck quotas do (just the tutorials), so this seems like a good place for it.

```suggestion
Region limits define the limits on cumulative task `resources` blocks for allocations 
in the namespace and region the quota is applied to.

- `cores` `(int: <optional>)` - The limit on total number of CPU cores from all 
  `resources.cores` in the namespace. The [CPU concepts](/nomad/docs/concepts/cpu) 
  documentation has more details on CPU resources.
- `cpu` `(int: <optional>)` - The limit on total amount of CPU from all `resources.cpu`
  in the namespace.
- `memory` `(int: <optional>)` - The limit on total mount of memory in MB from all
  `resources.memory` in the namespace.
- `memory_max` `(int: <optional>)` - The limit on total mount of hard memory limits in MB 
  from all `resources.memory_max` in the namespace.
- `device` <code>([Device](#device-parameters): nil)</code>
```

The `resources.memory_max` bit here feels like it could use more precision but I'm not super familiar with how that's implemented either.

Author: I was leaning on the `job-specification/resources` doc to elaborate on these details, but I like your more detailed info!

Author: 8071c2a9590aeb869845270ea5f71880387e902c

### `device` Parameters

The `device` label specifies which device(s) the quota applies to,
equivalent to the
[`device`](/nomad/docs/job-specification/device#device-parameters)
in a job specification.

> - `count` `(int)` - How many of this device may be used.

Author: I wouldn't think of it as Nomad using the device, however. The real subject would be "Jobs in a namespace that is restricted by this quota" but that felt like a mouthful, and it's the same with all these resources, so I thought the passive voice was ok in this context
